they wrap those things in the biggest
problem in here I hope you know you ever
heard of the butcher of Bern we know
there's a lot of sick-ass psycho killers
in this hole there's one Mook nobody
fucks with his brother took a machete
chopped up his whole fucking family when
he was nine man crazy assholes running
free and he scares everybody gangsters
Rascals terrorists hitman for the
Russian fucking mafia you're all pissing
in their pants you take that fucker out
and you're gonna make a lot of friends
around here absolutely huh okay then you
crazier than you look don't know where
you went but if I was you I'd follow the
dead bodies the ones that aren't walking
I mean
if you have the bollocks friends he
might just send it with one L to it
you save this multi pitch brought us you
too late she wanna make a nice fucking
supper you should see others on your
faces friends
you think I'm fucking crazy don't you
but it's the world that's fucking crazy
don't be fucking hungry
here
maybe I'll find something useful
all right then let's all meet oh
I hope they're fucking psycho steamy it
shit just
whoa ah I heard good work bright ass now
we just gotta deal with those brain-dead
zombie motherfuckers gotcha
yeah you want to buy something decent
I'm not going to do it
I'll be